The Joe Rogan experience. Well, how about the other prince? So you gotta go to,
I guess, how about the other prince? The one that's Epstein's friend. Oh.
Oh, Andrew, Andrew. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was what.
What, first of all,
how odd is that guy when they're interviewing him and talking to him? Yeah.
It's like what.
McQueen kicked him to the curb very quickly.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's very strange. Yeah. That,
what is your take on this whole Epstein thing? First of all,
can we justg look at that? So you sure she's 18? <laugh>.
You're telling me, you're telling me that. Yeah, she does.
Not look 18. Mm-hmm <affirmative> she looks 16. Are you sure? You.
Sure? What, what up that a show? That.
Is, yeah. What a show. So let me, let me ask you this right off the bat. Yeah.
Well, I don't know what I'm gonna ask you. He didn't kill himself, right?
I don't.
Believe so. Thank you. No, no. You know the, but you know me, I'm not,
I'm not conspiracy guy, right? I'm I don't, dispi on rabbitals very often,
but no, I don't think there's any way in hell. He killed.
Himself. Michael Shermer. Who's the,
the head of skeptics magazine and who doesn't believe anything found
out that the, the tapes were missing and that the,
the cameras didn't work and that the tapes were deleted from the first
accidentally deleted from the first time he attempted suicide and Shermer's
like, oh, this is a conspiracy. Like,
it was enough evidence that one of the biggest skeptic, a professional skeptic.
Skeptic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Professional. He doesn't don't believe anything. No.
There's no, there's no, there's just, no, I, I,
there's no way I could be convinced that, that he, he offed himself, uh, no way.
So.
And he knew too much. Yeah.
And you know, it's, it's, it's astounding, but, but yeah. What a, what a,
what a show. But, uh, you know, nobody's gonna get to the bottom of.
Anything. Yeah. But that's a crazy one. Like they got him in the jail.
The guards are somehow or another getting in trouble.
So who knows what the guards are gonna say? They might get suicide.
My favorite part was the guy they chose for his cellmate.
Do you see the gorilla? They chose for a sail mate. Yeah.
Reminded me of that. Uh, Richard Pryor, that old Richard Pryor movie.
<laugh> I dunno if you remember that one. <laugh>.
The guy, Hey, look at this guy. Yeah. This giant.
Gumba this huge Italian ex-cop who's a murderer and a drug runner.
I mean, this guy is built like a brick house.
And this is Epstein's cellmate. Yeah. It's like what? Like,
you can't even make this stuff up. He.
Says he never touched him. They, I.
I, of course.
Why would I touch Trump? Nicholas targli.
Yeah. What does he, what does it say? Timeline of events in quadruple homicide.
Is that what it says? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. So this guy, this giant.
Likes dogs though. Yeah. He loves dogs.
You keep 'em from all the people that he killed. Yeah.
<laugh> they bark when they're coming around, you can grab your gun.
It's a good move. It's it's just crazy.
There's so many pieces to the puzzle that are so ridiculously obvious.
And then when you find out that Clinton flew with him at least 26 times. Yeah.
26 times.
Yeah. I had no idea. Yeah.
Jeff's guy. Yeah.
No, I, it it's, it's, it's just one of those things. And again, I don't, I'm,
I'm not a buyer on these sort of things, but you, you look at it,
you look at the facts around and you think they just know there's no way in
hell. Yeah. What you and that guy must have known you.
What you would've thought that Epstein would've said to myself or said to
himself, I'm gonna get killed here. If I'm not careful.
Well,
he probably didn't think is ever gonna get to the point where they were actually
jailing him' you know, when they actually that true got,
cause remember he had that deal where he was on work release,
so he could just do whatever he want and off for 16 hours of a day.
Then he had to check into the jail at night. Yeah. Yeah.
And who even knows what that means.
He might have checked in and just went home again. And it seems like they,
they had set something up for him to make it very easy for him be incarcerated
for what should be a, a pretty heinous crime. I mean, he was,
he would think sex with underage girls. Right. And, and sex.
Traffickingtraffick. I mean, sextraffick not just him doing. Yeah. I mean,
it's just the extent to which, and so, yeah. But then you look at, uh,
I forget what her name is. The sort of the assistant Giselle. Yeah. What name?
Jalaine.
Jolaine.
Lane. Max. Well, how.
He say, what is he say? It has an estimate,
but I've heard it pronounced with the S or without, so gala or just lane. Okay.
I don't know, gala or just lane, whatever. It's called a G rocker. Yeah.
So grocker's out there hiding in the bushes in Columbia or something. Right?
Where is she? Where is she? Yeah.
That's what I was gonna say. I mean, she must be,
you would assume they've deposed or at this point.
Or, you know, she must have something.
She must have some kill switch where if the goes down,
all the Clinton tapes come piling out onto the floor of, uh, well,
Glen green Walls's house, you were thinking.
<Laugh> yeah.
You brought, brought it around.
A Glen greenwa.
Glen it's bill. Can we talk?
Yeah. Maybe, you know what? Maybe I should convince, uh, oh, there she.
Is. That's when she was at, in and out reading a book on, uh, X,
CIA agents who have been murdered. That's literally what she was,
write reading a book on. Right. Wasn't that? Yeah. Yeah.
It was about CIA operats been murdered. So the idea was that what they said,
what people believe, and there's many different versions of what people believe,
but look, how many pictures she posed for. It's so strange,
but what many people believe was that <affirmative> what he was doing was
compromising a lot of these wealthy,
powerful people by getting videotapes of them, hooking up with young girls,
including prince Andrew, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, for whatever reason, you know, I have you heard of.
Anything like this before? Is this something that's been done in the past? Not.
That I've heard of. I mean, not, I mean, I'm sure it's, it's, you know,
anytime you see some freak show, it's never, the first time it's happened.
Right. Right. I mean it's so you have to assume it's happened. But, uh,
to the degree that it's got this level of, of, of, uh,
celebrities and big time names, I mean, it works so.
Well. And I'm gonna tell you something after the show's over,
tell you something after the show's over. But.
Um, we can just tell me it just, you want me to talking? Yeah. If you whisper.
I hear, I hear you in my ears in.
North Koreans really do that. Sorry about the north Koreans used to, uh,
that was their, that was their, uh, phone, uh, uh,
security is they would get on the phone and they,
when they had something really classified to talk about did whisper,
they would whisper <laugh>. Yeah. So you think, oh,
okay. That's hilarious. We'll never figure that out.
That's really funny. Yeah. Really? That's how they did it.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, part of it was, uh, years ago, I, I,
I think they just never believed any, any westerner could understand Korean. I,
I think that was kind of part of it was it, they just, we were,
we were all too stupid or we were just so complicated that they we'd never be
able to figure out what they were saying in their own.
Language. That's the price you paid for being so insulated, right? Yeah.
You never,
you don't really understand what the what's really going on in the outside
world. Cause they don't really have the internet.
When was the last time we talked about North Korea a while we just pushed that
right off the, the front or, but, but, but, but.
To get did to get back, we can talk about North Korea, but to,
to get back to this Epstein thing,
is that a common strategy that intelligence agencies would use where they would
try to compromise people in order to get, like,
what would be the benefit if you had to like,
if the Maad was doing that and they were doing that to and using that was that's
the, the theories of epepstein right.
Um, yeah, it's a good, it's a good point.
I I'd say from an Intel services perspective. I mean,
one thing I will say is the us, uh,
and people never gonna believe this because I'm saying it they'll say, oh,
that's. He just, but the us, uh, the agency doesn't do that. We don't use, um,
honey traps. We don't do that sort of thing because, um,
that sort of leverage always it's, it's always gonna head south on you.
And so we don't, you know, try to coerce somebody in that, uh,
sort of a relationship and then we can take advantage of, um,
and yet other services do Russians being one of 'em. They do that all the time.
Um, Israelis. Yeah. They've, they've had some very successful, uh,
efforts to do that. And if you can, if you get somebody in that position,
what it doesn't really doesn't matter how they're compromising themselves,
whether you're putting themselves in with,
with like an Epstein situation where suddenly you you've got them, uh, you know,
got video of them with a, with an underage person, uh,
or whether they've provided a document that they shouldn't provide.
It's all this, the concept is always the same, right? It doesn't a minute.
What that, what that action is you are, uh,
you're getting them on the hook. You're, you're,
you're getting something that's, leveragable over them. And if,
if they don't just go forward, immediately say,
and turn around to their boss and say, I'm guilty, did this, um, sorry,
then they're compromised. And then you've got them as an Intel service.
You've got them. You can start reeling the hook in because now, you know,
you know, that not only did they do something that provided you with a document,
even if it was an unclassified, if I go to somebody,
if I'm developing a relationship with somebody,
some target overseas or whatever, and I'm thinking, all right,
I'm now I'm exploring this. Person's got access.
They're in an interesting position. They're an interesting job.
And they've got access to information that,
that we want to know that's priority target. And then I want to say, okay,
now I wanna develop a relationship a little bit.
Maybe I bump into the person at a few parties.
Maybe we're in the same parenteacher organization, whatever the is, right.
Mm-hmm, <affirmative> our kids play on the same soccer team.
So then I go and I think, okay, what do I want to do?
I want to test the waters a little bit. I'm not gonna say, Hey, listen,
you know, I understand you work at the foreign ministry here in, in, you know,
whatever country you happen to be in. Uh, how about you give me some documents,
but instead, you know, maybe it's something different.
Maybe they work the foreign ministry. Maybe they work at a, uh,
eras space business, you know, that's a target and you say,
but you've developed a bit of a relationship. And then you say, yeah,
my kid's doing this school project. And you know,
it's all about whatever hypersonic flight, you know, and, and, uh,
you know, you know, that they work at some, you know, aerospace company and say,
ah, you know, do you have anything just on hypersonics? You know,
and you're not looking for anything classified. You're just looking for a, a,
a research paper or a study or something, you know?
And if they come back and say, yeah, you know what, here,
this is an interesting, you know, study, you know? And they, they,
now that act alone, they're not giving you something classified,
but that act alone means something big. Right.
It means they were taskable in a sense, right. They,
to your request for information, the suckers, not suckers necessarily,
it could be an enormously smart person, but, you know, and, and, and,
and smart people get, yeah, they get, they get suckered into it.
I guess you could put it that way. But, um, yeah. So anyway, then you,
you go from there, then you ratchet it up slowly, you know, bit by bit.
If you've got the timeframe to do it, maybe sometimes, you know,
you gotta or timeframe because there's a requirement to get so something mm-hmm
<affirmative> and you gotta, you gotta accelerate the whole process. Anyway. So,
but my point being is it's allleverageable and Epstein was obviously getting
leverage on all these different people for whatever his purpose was.
What do you think? That's what the question is? Like, what could he possibly,
a lot of were scientists. He went with a lot of like celebrities. There was,
Hey.
A state. I don't think he needed money. Right. Well, what, well, what was it?
I dont know. I mean, maybe he, maybe he just, who knows,
maybe he got off on sort of being the, the, the kingpin and this whole thing.
And, and I, it it's a good question to.
It had to be funded. Right. So, I mean,
there had to be something valuable that they were getting from it. I'm guessing.
I don't know. It hasn't been spelled out to me. I, yeah. Yeah.
Like I've tried to figure out the angle, but I, I mean,
I get the idea of you would have leverage over these people.
You have't been compromising situations, and then they would do things for you,
but what would they do for you? Yeah. Like what, yeah. What.
Is he getting bill clean? It's a good question. And providing him with access,
maybe he, he, he liked being close to, you know, this seat of power or maybe,
you know,
he liked being close to what he thought was like a Royal family member,
you know, maybe who knows. Cause he had all,
it sounds like he had all the money he needed. Right. So maybe it was,
it was that sort of access that, that, uh, blew his skirt up. I don't know. But,
um, it is, yeah, it is interesting. But, um,
I don't think, I mean, look, it's, it's just like been kicked to the curb.
Obviously they're doing the trial, I guess, to some degree, but I don't think,
I don't know what, where they stand in that trial nothing's.
Gonna happen. Yeah. Nothing's gonna happen.
We've already swept it under the rug.
And there's already new stories out that have got our attention.
We forget about things so quickly today,
the news cycle is so fast when something happens,
even something is ridiculous as the Epstein case where it's so obvious that he
was murdered. And then Michael Badden goes on 60 minutes and says,
this is consistent with someone who has strangled.
I've never in all my years of seeing people hanged,
I've never seen him with these kind of fractures.
This is fractures or indicative of strangulation.
And that is one serious mind. Itdo too right? Michael. Yeah.
Tremendous amount of experience. And, and you know, he doesn't,
he doesn't blow smoke up anybody's. Right? No, he's, he's very measured. And,
and you know, now obviously he was there on behalf of, of uh Epstein's brother,
I guess. Um, but you know, I, yeah, I, anyway, it's just,
it is, it's one of those things where you think the, maybe I'm gonna put,
ask it' something we should explore. I wanna.
Go visit their cop in jail. See what he he's probably got a fur line. Cell tag.
Leoni. Yeah. HES got a giant 72 inch TV, right? Dog dogs with him. Yeah.
All the dogs there. What's happening here. <laugh>
wire are marks in his hands. God tighten up on, I mean,
if you're gonna get someone to strangle yourel mate, that's the guy too. I mean,
he'd do it in three seconds. He's so big. Yeah.
You don't want somebody. Who's gotta take their time because they can't. Right.
You want some Kevin Spacey dude strangling. He's gonna take forever.
Can I hold his old? Still want some big gorilla dude? Yeah.
Uh, yeah. Well, I tell you what if, uh, if, uh,
this new series I'm doing gets picked up for a second season? Well,
I'm gonna recommend to the producers, they, they put the Epstein case on there,
even though it's not quite in line with what we do, but.